Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Welcome back to Budapest Mr Stein.
Boring.
Rip off.
Seen it.
Seen it and boring.
What's this?
This is not our game.
MOSCOW COMPUTER SCIENCE CENTER
This jackass Stein won't stop
faxing us. wasting our paper.
What does it say?
He wants to license my game.
Am I allowed to do that?
We better ask the bosses at ELORG.
Yes we can. Send the fax.
Who is this?
It's BRILLIANT. can we keep it?
Yoshi
Itsuko
Everyone…
We're big failures now!
We're big PUBLISHERS now!
Low to high.
Set your feet. Low to high.
Tennis in the winter.
Very impressive.
Valentin Trifonov
Central Committee. Communist Party.
I just wanted to meet the man responsible…
for almost destroying the Soviet Union.
Excuse me?
Your game.
It was being played by government workers
across the Union for hours a day.
They were getting nothing done.
We had to create a program
to block it from all PCs.
I'm told you licensed your game
to the West.
Any profits yet?
I can't imagine how a game that is so
popular here makes no money abroad.
Someone is cheating.
Dad can we keep playing?
Wait. wait.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
Again. congratulations.
You deserve it.
Hiro-san.
stop working on the arcade prototype.
Everyone. it's going to be fine.
We still have video game rights.
Henk has a very important meeting
with Nintendo. We'll figure it out.
OK
Cheers
But dad. my school concert
is next month and…
I just got the song I'm performing
and I need to practice.
But I need your help.
Where are you going now. papa?
We have a new guest…
No more fish or meat!
Please!
You must have some.
My family is hungry.
I have money.
Take this. Please.
No. You have a family too.
Please. My family will be fine.
Thank you.
Identification?
Nikolai Evgenievich…
Yes?
Someone for you.
I'm listening.
What's that?
Where's it from?
Hello. my name is Sasha.
I'm a translator.
I advise you to leave this
government institution.
Otherwise. as a foreign citizen
on a tourist visa.
you will be sent to prison
for fraud and trespassing.
Ready?
Please. Mr Belikov continue.
Mr Belikov…
If that idiot's a thief…
Jail him.
Are the other buyers here?
Keep them separated.
We are going to beat these capitalists
at their own game.
No!
Boris
Stop recording.
Why are we taking the risk?
Especially after
what happened to your father.
Have you ever tried to say no
to an American?
It's impossible.
He's dumb. But he is honest.
Good evening. Do you have any salt?
Salt?
Neighbour.
Alexey. please!
Maya. we're going home soon.
Please clean up.
Good Morning!
Peter and Dmitri.
My little tennis stars.
Off to school?
You have a good papa
For taking you so early after
being out so late last night.
Hello
Papa! Are you coming home?
My school concert is soon
and we did a rehearsal today
and my teacher said I sound
like an angel and…
It sucks not being able to talk to you.
Maya let me speak.
You're all swindlers.
You're all here just for the money.
A word. please.
I have been following your negotiations.
You've done a masterful job.
It's all for the Soviet Union.
Comrade Trifonov.
Good.
Because the state has decided
that Tetris will go to Mirrorsoft.
Good.
Let's go.
That's enough.
Dzerzhinsky Square.
Airport right away!
You see Nikolai Evgenievich…
Unlike you. I put our country first.
Don't hurt him too much.
He still has work to do.
Did you hear what I just said?
You selfish prick
Can I come in?
I devoted my life to this country.
the great idea of it.
But…
I can't do it…
…This country doesn't exist any more.
We're turning into a nation of thieves.
Tetris is going to Mirrorsoft.
And I will be removed from my position
at ELORG once the deal is signed.
But you can still make this right.
Get this to Henk Rogers.
He'll know what to do.
Hi
Fire!
What are you doing back there?
He's back.
And he brought friends.
MOSCOW COMPUTER SCIENCE CENTER
Hello
What are you doing?
What is going on?
Damn.
Stop.
What are you doing?
Sasha!
What is this?
You're moving.
Where? Why? This is my home!
This was my parents' home. You can't!
What's going on?
Your husband broke the law.
I got a call to say the boys
were sent home from school?
Which will fall faster?
-Quick!
-Neither!
We're studying gravity in school!
He's showing us an experiment.
That's right.
An 'experiment'.
Which one will fall faster? Quick!
Chair?
Ah. this is where gravity gets tricky.
The chair should fall faster
because it's heavier. right?
Yes
But it won't.
Listen.
gravity doesn't care
if you're as light as a coin
or as heavy as a…
Boy.
Everything falls at the same speed.
Boys. Go and help your mother pack.
Henk Rogers is back because of you.
Ruining your life was easy.
Cross me again
and you will no longer exist.
Just like your friend Henk.
Please listen. I'm negotiating
what's best for our country.
Protection of the government's property
and decision making is our responsibility.
Why is it so important
that the Maxwells win?
Isn't the offer with more money
better for the Soviet Union?
I'll concern myself with the
fate of the Soviet Union.
You go and do your job.
Dismissed.
Get me everything you know on him.
The foreigner?
No.
The politician.
Comrade Gorbachev.
look at the respect they show you.
"70 years from our glorious revolution"
This is a time of change…
But I am confident the USSR…
Henk Rogers' team are heading to ELORG.
Will come out of it stronger than ever.
Walkie Talkie!
Where is Henk Rogers now!
Heading north on Boshaya Ordynka.
Don't let these capitalists get to ELORG!
All agents to ELORG!
Repeat. All agents to ELORG.
Comrade Trifonov we work for our country…
You whore yourself.
Drive faster!
What flights are leaving in the next hour?
Come on! come on!
We need backup.
Sweep the room.
Please take your seats for departure.
Move out the way!
Where is the plane to Tokyo?
Gate 6…
But it's closed!
OFFICIAL BUSINESS!
We ask that you fasten your seatbelts…
Open the door!
OFFICIAL BUSINESS!
Sorry. we have a slight delay…
Now!
What the fuck?
Son of a…
They're on the other plane!
Valentin Igorovich…
By order of the Secretary General…
You are hereby under arrest for
abuse of authority and corruption.
No
What the fuck is this?
Move!
You broke the law.
I am the law!
Get them out of my way.
Is it because I called you a whore?
This is the end of our country.
You hear me?
The fucking end.
The fucking end!
It will all fall!
If you would do me the honour.
I would love to watch the performance
I wish I hadn't missed.
Please…
OK
I'll get ready.
I made a promise to you
Which didn't go the way I hoped.
Until now.
Is this good news or bad news?
Probably both.
This came for you.
From Henk.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm